[Music]
g'day my name is Kelvin and I'm a
product marketing manager for bitbucket
here at elastic now perhaps you're brand
new to get or may be familiar with
another gear platform either way you're
in luck I'm here to give you a tour of
bit buckets user interface now maybe
you're working on your projects or want
to understand how to work with your
repositories maybe you just want to set
up bitbucket properly by the way I'm
gonna explore bit buckets user interface
with you to help you and your team get
up and running and working as quickly as
possible let's get started so as you can
see here this is the your work screen
and it's the screen you'll see whenever
you log into bit bucket for the first
time and the work here is categorized
into three buckets pour a quest for you
to review pull requests that you've
created and repositories that you've
recently visited now there's lots of
contextual information here what's going
on who is involved and what stage of the
process is it the great thing about this
particular screen is its customizable so
you can filter for instance to hide the
pour request that need your review so
that you're hiding pour requests with
broken builds or have open tasks all
that already have your approval same
with the bottom here with repositories
you can filter them by recently viewed
or last updated now let's take a look at
each of the items on the left hand side
of the screen so in the repositories
section you have a list of all the
repositories that are available to you
you can filter your repositories by
projects by owner or even repositories
that you're watching you can also search
for repositories if you know the name of
them two really useful if you have and a
lot of repositories in your team that
you're working on at a particular point
in time so this screen much like the
your work screen has lots of contextual
information when it was last updated
whether the build degree in the
description if they have them and if I
quickly have a look in one of these
repositories you can see lots of
information here about the files that
are within this particular repository
and on the left hand side here the
commits that have been made
who made it when they made it with the
commit message was any branches that are
associated with this particular
repository are available here as well
any pour requests that are here and if
you're using continuous integration or
continuous delivery with bitbucket
pipelines you can have all that
information there about all of the
builds that are run and again lots of
contextual information here about what's
happened who's done it and when it
happened more importantly at the bottom
you have the settings for this
particular repository so here's a place
where you can manage everything for your
repository whether it be the name of it
who has access to it the branch
permissions that are there as well
really useful for those who have more
complex workflows you can lock down who
can commit to a particular repository
here for your pull request themselves
you can set default reviewers and if you
want you can also set up your pipelines
and deployments too so let's go back to
the main screen and let's take a look at
our projects projects are essentially a
grouping of repositories really useful
for teams who have a lot of repositories
that they're working with at a
particular point in time very easy to
group them under one project name as you
can see here we have the projects that
are available to me and my team at a
short description of each and if I were
to click into one of these now you'll
see a list of the repositories
associated with this project some
contextual information about each
repository and on the right-hand side
here really easy for me to add
additional repositories to this
particular project as well so there is a
our projects let's go back to our main
menu and have a look at pull requests
pour requests so we're code review
happens in bit bucket as you can see on
this screen I have a list of all the
poor requests and I'm currently
reviewing and I have a lot of filterable
options here as well I can look at the
poor request that I'm watching the poor
request that I've actually created
myself and also the poor requests that
are associated with the teams I'm a part
of now when I have a look at one of
these pour requests
in particular he gives me lots of
information about the changes that have
been made that are ready to be merged
back into the repository who made the
changes what changes they've actually
made as well as a diff of the actual
files themselves that have been changed
and what they've changed within peach so
as a review it's really easy for me to
have a look and see everything that's
happened and you can see in the top
right-hand corner here I can approve or
unapprove as necessary so those are poor
requests in bitbucket
let's have a look at the main screen and
the options on the left-hand side again
and let's take a look at issues issues
are a great way for you to break up
larger chunks of work into more
manageable pieces and assign them to
your team or as an individual now most
people integrate bitbucket with the
likes of JIRA software or Trello to do
this but if you want to work on more
lightweight issues bitbucket provides
this functionality here and you can see
all of the issues that are assigned to
you that you've reported you're
participating in watching or even the
issues that are associated with your
team so those are issues let's have a
look at snippets snippets are a great
way for you to share and reuse your code
amongst your team or even amongst
yourself they're great because you can
share and reuse really important bits of
information across your repositories
makes it really easy for you to share
that knowledge and a reuse code and
saves you a little bit of time as well
you can filter by snippets you've
created snippets you're watching and
also snippets that are associated with
your team so those are the menu items
that we've covered on the left hand side
but you'll see a number of icons on the
left as well let's take a look at the
first one search now search is what it
says in the box you can search for
repositories corrode and more and if I
were to quickly type in a search term
you can see it immediately comes up with
a number of results in terms of pull
requests that match my search query and
if I have a look here I can look at all
of the code matches that match my search
query and it lists everything that I
have access to and I can
by the team I'm a part of as well as
refine with a number of modifiers as
well so I can get really complex and
granular with my search terms if I need
to so that's search if I go back here
let's take a look at our next icon the
plus icon so the plus icon here is
really where you create things in
bitbucket
by open this menu you can see here I can
create a repository a team a project a
snippet or can even import a repository
as well the great thing about this is
this menu is context-sensitive
if I were to go back here and take a
look at one of the repositories when I
click on the plus icon again you can see
a number of different options for me to
get to work I can clone the repository
create a branch or pull request and even
compare branches or tags as well now
let's go back here and at the bottom
left hand side here you'll have your
avatar so your avatar is where your
profile and settings are located you can
see here by clicking on the Avatar I can
have a look at the teams that I'm a part
of can view my profile as well as my
bitbucket settings so let's take a look
at my profile right now
my profile contains all of the
repositories that I am allowed to or
have access to you can see things
earlier that we've already covered I can
see my snippets and the teams that I'm a
part of more importantly I can have a
look at my settings too now the settings
section here gives me a whole number of
things that I can look at I can have a
look at my plan and my billing options
access management in terms of who has
access to or as part of my team SSH keys
and two-step verification as well as
allowing me to try new features from
Atlassian labs take a look at the apps
available in the marketplace as well as
start looking at some of my CI CD or at
least bitbucket pipelines variables that
are available to me as well so lots of
options there for me to have a look at
really useful for me when I'm starting
my team or at least managing access to
my work as well so that's bitbucket
we've explored how to get work done set
up and manage your repositories and
collaborate with your team happy carding
[Music]